# About-Me
Web Project on creating a website about myself with chat function
This web prokect took a lot out of me. The first step that I did was create the chat bot. That was the most challenging part for me as I had to work with javaScript which was new for me. My intention with the bot was to make it a live chat bot to which users can chat to about different topics but obvoisy limited as making it very inteligent would be difficult. 
Anyways, after the base for the bot was set up the next task in my plan was to integrate a design that will be present on all pages and the navbar would work with it. 
Navbar took me a while to create as I am very picky with the way it looked, I wanted it to be different to my first navbar and be more interesting to use. Therefore I went for the design that when you hover over a title to which you can press to go to, it will light up in a coulour different to the navbar to make it obvius to the user where they are about to go.
Another challenge that came my way very fast was how to make it so the chat fits correctly on the page with the navbar. Originally, my plan was to make the navbar collapsable so the user can see the chat full page but that was very challenging to do, as it wasn't realy working when the use wanted to find it and the chat box would get covered by it or something like that.
So I scrapped that idea and decided, okay lets keep the navbar but make it so the chatbox matches the size of the page with the navbar being present. That took some time to do too because the sizes that I had to play with worked weirdly, so it was bascally, change the size and check and so on.
Then I passed that issue, I moved onto designing the first page. I wanted it to include all the key points that would be discussed on the two other pages but also to look interesting. That took me to my drawing board as before I decided on that design of the page I have already tried many before that and for some reason this was the most appealing to me.
I like how the countries bit looks as its very straight forward and I love that the page doesn't have much written on it so it isnt an overload and the user can undertsand it well. 
The studies page was easy to create as it just containes a lot of text and the brain image. However I did want the image to be more interesting so I made its edges rounded and when you hover over it, it pops in a way. Really like that. I do wish though that the text would look a bit different and I did try different layouts but non of them really made sense to me. So sadly I just had to go ahead with that design of the page. I do think it isnt bad but it defintly could be more interesting.
The places page was also relativly easy to deign since I had the base of how I wanted it to look already from the home page orignally. So i just evolved that idea by places ountries in cronological order and adding a bit of description into them.
Addtionally, to make pages more appealing. I also chnaged the scroll bar to look a bit more part of the page, rounded style and thin makes t look more fitting or the page ans smoother. Doesn't pop into the eyes as it isnt plain black too.
Going back to the chat, I did work more on the chat to make it so when th user types you can see "Typing.." message, as well as being able to see how many more users are online at the same time as you using the chat. The bot can speak about I would say a quite varied range of topics and I ensured that insead of always giving the same response, it can give 3 different varities of responses to make it mor interestin if the user descides to chat to it multiple times.
I added contant me page, just for fun, most websites have that so I thought that my website should too.